they explain well from furniture to home
accessories wood products make up a
sizable chunk of Vermont's manufacturing
sector one small to growing business in
Williston is already finding some
national attention for its work Jack
Thurston tells us about their products
that are made in Vermont the old saying
goes the clothes make the man and that's
true for David Glickman I really like
tie-dye because his clothes represent
his new life who had wear a suit and tie
every day and the tie was just choking
me you know literally and figuratively
he moved to Williston from New York City
after 9/11 when he and his wife realized
they needed a quieter place to raise
kids Goodman had worked for several
fortune 100 companies but gave that up
for his own laid-back business Vermont
butcher-block and bored and when I quit
my job I said that's it I'm wearing
tie-dye for the rest of my life he
taught himself basic woodworking but the
problem was cutting boards are
everywhere there are a million people at
almost every gift shop and church bazaar
so he set out to carve a new butcher
block niche we do it differently we did
we use premium claw quality wood using
his big-city business background he
started marketing himself as a provider
of customizable luxury boards top New
York City chefs bought in and so did
mail-order catalogs like a major cheese
delivery service his pieces will last a
long time
he's even provided butcher style
countertops for national TV cooking
shows this one is actually destined for
a private home at a $1,200 price tag
people are still spending money they're
only spending money in certain areas
though and they're cutting back on other
things
kalique Minh hopes folks who see their
kitchens as investments will help him
continue his solid business growth
the Vermont butcher block and board
company already has three employees and
about a quarter million dollars in sales
many two out-of-state accounts and
Vermont tourists who have heard of the
state's reputation for excellent wood
products you know we don't put
made-in-the-usa on our products we put
made in Vermont because it adds that
extra touch and he'll keep adding that
touch in his tie-dye
no time no tie it's david Glickman's
casual approach to what's become a
seriously successful enterprise Jack
Thurston Channel 3 News
in Williston David Glickman's products
are in several stores in the area
including the Vermont gift barn in South
Burlington also wood we're in Middlebury
a typical board for home use sells for
about 70 dollars but chefs grade blocks
sell for several hundred dollars